# Meeting Notes Team G

## February 8, 2024

**Recorded by:** Devender Singh

**Notes submiited on:** February 13, 2024

**Venue:** Discord 

**Source:** Discord voice

**Time:**  7:00 to 9:00pm

**Attendance:** Cameron Selci, Devender Singh, , Mohd Ali Bin Naser, Evan Best Jager Cooper 

Team G successfully adopted the follwoing decisions for the term project and following tasks were assigned:

AppLogic: Cameron Selci 

UserSession : Devender Singh 

ServerAPI : Jager Cooper  

FrontEnd : Mohd Ali Bin Naser  

DataStorage : Evan Best 

Bottle will handle all green parts of the diagram, (session management, templating engine etc.) , Also studied past challenges (8) in detail, and bottle framework to gain more insights.


## February 12, 2024
**Scrum Master:** Mohd Ali Bin Naser

**Recorded by:** Devender Singh

**Notes submiited on:** February 13, 2024

**Venue:** Class  

**Source:** Class discussion  

**Time:** 2:00 to 2:50pm

**Attendance:**  Devender Singh, Cameron Selci, Mohd Ali Bin Naser , Evan Best, Jager Cooper

Decided on several other decisions, including creating a pipeline outlining the approach to individual tasks for the team project. Mohd Ali Bin Naser was nominated as the Scrum Master.

Additionally, Python was adopted as the primary tool for implementing logic.

## Februaru 14,2024
**Scrum Master:** Mohd Ali Bin Naser

**Recorded by:** Devender Singh

**Notes submiited on:** February 17, 2024

**Venue:** Discord

**Source:** Discord Voice

**Time:** 7:00 to 9:00 pm

**Attendance:**  Devender Singh, Cameron Selci, Mohd Ali Bin Naser , Evan Best, Jager Cooper

In this meeting, Team G discussed the selection of a UML diagram tool to be used for the project. Team studied about UML diagrams.
Further discussions were held regarding the overall project development, including strategy and implementation phases. Specific roles and responsibilities of team members in relation to this new phase were also elaborated. 
Team Members successfully demonstrated how they have worked on their parts specifically the stub implementation:

serverAPI.py: Jager Cooper

user.py: Devender Singh

applogic.py: Cameron Selci

store.py :Evan Best

html.py: Mohd Ali Bin Naser

## February 28, 2024
**Scrum Master:** Jager Cooper

**Recorded by:** Cameron Selci

**Notes submiited on:** February 17, 2024

**Venue:** EN 2036

**Time:** 2:00pm to 3:00pm

**Attendance:**  Devender Singh, Cameron Selci, Mohd Ali Bin Naser , Evan Best, Jager Cooper

Discussed sprint activities.

Discussed implementations.  

Discussed KanBan/issue tracking as posted in notes.

## March 1, 2024

**Scrum master rotation:** Mohd Ali Bin Naser -> Jager Cooper -> Cameron Selci -> Devender Singh -> Evan Best

**Note taker Rotation:** Jager Cooper -> Evan Best -> Mohd Ali Bin Naser -> Devender Singh -> Cameron Selci

**Scrum Master:** Cameron Selci

**Recorded by:** Jager Cooper

**Venue:** EN 2036

**Time:** 2:00pm to 3:00pm

**Attendance:**  Devender Singh, Cameron Selci, Mohd Ali Bin Naser , Evan Best, Jager Cooper

Breakdown of tasks into subtask and addition of them in to the kanban board  

- Making a move in a game
  - Front-end send move data
  - API receive move data and verify with game logic
  - Game logic send game state to DB and API
  - DB update game state and turn
  - API call to update front-end
  - Front-end sends new display
- User login
  - Front-end login button
  - get form submit
  - verify login info
  - load user from db
- Recording a players win loss history
  - applogic on game end - get user info from db - send info to server
  - send winner and loser to user manager and html
  - user manager update win/loss in DB
  
Discussed implementation of much of these tasks and interoperability

## March 6th, 2024

**Scrum master rotation:** Mohd Ali Bin Naser -> Jager Cooper -> Cameron Selci -> Devender Singh -> Evan Best

**Note taker Rotation:** Jager Cooper -> Evan Best -> Mohd Ali Bin Naser -> Devender Singh -> Cameron Selci

**Scrum Master:** Devender Singh

**Recorded by:** Jager Cooper

**Venue:** EN 2036

**Time:** 2:00pm to 3:00pm

**Attendance:**  Devender Singh, Mohd Ali Bin Naser, Jager Cooper, Cameron Selci, Evan Best

Discussed:

- where we went wrong on our group Assignment 1 grade
- grading scheme for sprint 1
- using PR's and branches going forward for meetingNotes.md
- how we will be handling code review process: we will be using the review assignee feature and go through videos of code reviews.

decided that our last meeting for the sprint will be the 15th of March.
